**Maternity Leave Clause**

**Eligibility:**

Employees must have been in continuous employment with the company for at least
12 months prior to the expected date of childbirth or adoption to be eligible
for maternity leave.

**Duration:**

Maternity leave isentitled to a total period of 18 weeks, which includes up to
2 weeks before the expected due date and 16 weeks following childbirth. In
cases of multiple births, an additional two weeks of leave may be granted per
additional child, subject to approval by management.

**Notice Requirement:**

Employees must provide written notice of their intent to take maternity leave
at least 30 days prior to the expected start date. In unforeseen circumstances
where this timeline is not possible, employees should notify their supervisor
as soon as practical.

**Job Protection and Benefits Continuation:**

During the maternity leave period, the employee’s position will be protected.
Upon return from leave, the employee will be reinstated to their original or an
equivalent role, provided business operations allow. Health insurance benefits
will continue throughout the leave period at the same level of coverage as
during active employment.

**Return-to-Work Provisions:**

The company will work with the employee to facilitate a smooth transition back
to work, which may include gradual reintegration or flexible working
arrangements if mutually agreed upon.

**Paternity Leave Clause**

**Eligibility:**

All male employees in continuous employment for at least 12 months prior to the
expected date of childbirth or adoption are eligible for paternity leave.

**Duration:**

Paternity leave is entitled to a period of four weeks, commencing immediately
following the birth or adoption of the child. This leave can be taken
consecutively or split into two periods with the employer’s approval.

**Notice Requirement:**

Employees must provide written notice of their intent to take paternity leave
at least 30 days prior to the expected start date. If this timeline is not
feasible, employees should inform their supervisor as soon as possible.

**Job Protection and Benefits Continuation:**

During paternity leave, the employee’s position will be protected. Upon return
from leave, the employee will resume their original or an equivalent role,
contingent on business operations. Health insurance benefits will continue
throughout the leave period at the same level of coverage as during active
employment.

**Return-to-Work Provisions:**

The company is committed to supporting a smooth transition back to work for
employees returning from paternity leave, which may include flexible
arrangements if mutually agreed upon.

These clauses ensure that both maternity and paternity leaves are clearly
defined, providing eligible employees with the necessary time off while
maintaining their job security and benefits during their absence.
